♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pups Save a Hoedown."
[country music playing]
[clucks]
[harmonica playing]
Yee-haw!
I'm a square dancing cow pup.
Nice moves, Marshall.
You play a mean washtub bass,
Mayor Goodway.
[in Southern accent]
Kind of you to say so, Ryder.
Adventure Bay's Western Town Hoedown
is going to be the best ever!
Yeah, check out
my square dance super spin.
Whoa!
-[gasps]
-[barks]
[clucks]
Whoa!
[clucking]
[yells]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
That was a super spin, all right!
Are you okay, Chickaletta?
[chuckles]
Sorry. Guess that move
still needs a little work.
[mooing]
Okay, hold your horses… [chuckles]
I mean, cows.
[country music playing]
-[whistle blows]
-[mooing]
Whoa! No, no! Wait! Come back!
Bessie, Bernie, Gertie, Gussy!
Come back!
Hmm…
Whoa!
[screaming]
[tires squeal]
[both] Huh?
[cheering]
-Whoo-hoo!
-All right!
And the winner is…
[both] Huh?
…a cow?!
[moos]
[phone rings]
Hello. Ryder here.
Hello, Ryder?
It's Al from Moo Juice Dairy Farm.
I need help! It's an emergency.
Howdy, Al.
Did you happen to lose a cow?
I lost a whole herd.
My very best milk cows
escaped from their train car.
Hey, how did you know?
-[moos]
-[clucks]
One just ran through our hoedown.
I got to get those cows back on the train
before it leaves without us.
Can the PAW Patrol help?
Of course we can.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
And now cow "moo-ves" too fast.
Thanks, Ryder.
Edwina! Gotta go!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[both] Yee-haw!
[laughs] I won't be last this time!
See? I'm not last.
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa!
Okay, now I'm last.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for coming so fast, pups.
Farmer Al's five cows
escaped from their train car
and they're stampeding
all over Adventure Bay!
[all gasp]
We need to get all the cows
back on the train before it leaves.
[beeps]
Skye, I'll need you
to spot the cows from the air
-to make sure we round them all up.
-[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[beeps]
Chase, I'll need you and your megaphone
to help heard them back to the train.
Chase is on the case!
Okay, pups, the rest of you may as well
go and enjoy the hoedown.
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[giggles and barks]
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Skye! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[siren blaring]
[tires squeal]
Come back! Edwina, please!
[moos]
Edwina! Come back!
Ooh! Sorry. That's my cow.
[both chuckle nervously]
Edwina!
Howdy, Al.
Hi, Ryder. Thanks for coming so quickly.
The train's going to start up again soon!
I have to get my cows back
before it leaves without us!
Don't worry. We'll round 'em up.
-Go ahead, Chase.
-[barks]
Megaphone! [barks]
[over megaphone]
Whoo-hoo! Yeah, Edwina! Get along!
Ha!
-[moos]
-[chuckles]
One down, four more to go.
Thanks, Chase!
Nice work.
I hope all the cows
are that easy to round up.
Don't worry, Al.
You keep an eye on Edwina.
We'll round up the others
before the train leaves.
[moos]
Here you go, girl.
[horns honking]
Uh-oh! Sounds like a cattle jam.
Let's go!
[tires squeal]
[horn honking]
Ryder, two cows
are in the middle of Hill Street,
causing all sorts of traffic problems!
I'm on my way!
[mooing]
[Ryder]
We need to get these cows off the road.
Chase, your siren.
You got it, Ryder!
[siren blaring]
[cows mooing]
You get that cow, Chase.
I'll get the one headed up to Yumi's.
You got it, Ryder!
Come back here, moo cow!
Ha! I gotcha!
Uh-oh!
Whoa!
Huh?
[moos]
[laughs]
Chase, I've got
the one up here at Yumi's farm.
Good thing it's hungry.
And I'll bring my cow up to you, Ryder.
[giggles]
[gasps]
[moos]
Oh no.
Not good. [gasps]
Um, Ryder?
A cow is out on a boat on the bay.
What?
[moos]
Yee-haw!
-[beeps]
-Zuma, we need your help!
-There's a cow on a boat on the bay.
-A cow on a boat on the bay? No way.
I need you out there, fast.
I'm ready to dive in, Ryder.
What about our game?
There's a cow on a boat on the bay!
A cow on a boat on the bay? No way.
[moos]
How now, sailor cow?
Okay, don't worry!
I'll get you back to shore.
Buoy! [barks]
[squawks]
Aha! Perfect ringer! Come on.
Let's get you on solid ground.
[moos]
Ryder, a cow is on Mr. Porter's patio
and it's eating all his corn!
How did it get to Mr. Porter's?
Oh, never mind. Okay, I'm on it.
[tires squeal]
-Hey, Bessie.
-[beeps]
Ryder, the train's about to leave.
Any luck?
Yup! We found all the cows, Al.
We just have to get them to the train.
[train whistle blows]
Hurry. The train's ready to go!
I can't leave without my cows.
-We're on our way.
-[beeps]
[Chase] Hi, Ryder.
Hey, Chase, how are your cows?
Full and happy.
Can you get them
to the train station by yourself?
I am a herding dog, sir.
Okay, meet me at the train station.
All right! Get along, little moo-cow. Ha!
-[grunts]
-Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Wait! Come back!
Yee-haw!
Get along, little moo-cows.
[all cheering]
[Goodway] Time for
the Adventure Bay Hoedown square dance!
-Come on, pups…
-Whoo-hoo!
-…and Chickaletta.
-[clucks]
[Goodway] ♪ Now, bow to your partner
And dosey doe ♪
♪ Adventure Bay is the place to go! ♪
♪ Make a line, stay on track ♪
♪ Line steps forward
Line steps back ♪
♪ Stomp and stamp
And don't look now ♪
♪ Look out! Here comes a cow ♪
[all] Huh?
-[Chase] Whoo-hoo! Ha!
Wow! A genuine Wild West cattle drive
and square dancing?
This is the best hoedown ever,
Mayor Goodway!
Aw, shucks.
Mighty kind of you to say, little partner.
[country music playing]
[train whistle blows]
[Al] One, two, three, four, five.
[chuckles] All here! How can I
ever thank you and the PAW Patrol?
That was amazing!
It was fun, a real cowboy adventure.
If you ever need us,
just "yee-haw" for help.
Whoo-hoo!
[train whistle blows]
Ooh, time to go!
-[moos]
-[Skye] Bye!
[Chase] Bye, moo-cow!
Let's go to the hoedown! Yee-haw!
[country music playing]
♪ Now, all pups out
And one pup in ♪
♪ Check out Marshall's square dance spin ♪
Whoa!
[crashing]
[chuckles] What a bunch of good pups.
[all cheering]
[theme song playing]